
    Keep it friendly!  Messages you post must be civil and tasteful at all times.
    You must have the legal right to upload any images to the chatroom, and images must comply with existing chatroom rules on this page.
    No disruptive, offensive or abusive behaviour. Contributions must be constructive and polite. They must not unkind or posted with the intention of causing trouble, being abusive or causing harassment.
    No unlawful or unacceptable content is acceptable. Unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, profane, offensive or otherwise abhorrent material is not tolerated.
    If you use a listener club account for the purpose of disruption or to annoy / harass other users, you may have your account removed and/or be blocked from the site.
    No inappropriate (vulgar, offensive, illegal etc.) usernames or content is allowed, or tolerated.
    You may not submit any defamatory or illegal material of any nature in the chatroom. This includes, but is not limited to, text, graphics, video, software or audio. We will not allow mentions of, or links to illegal sites or products.
    No spamming or off-topic material. We will not tolerate spamming, especially by any services in competition with Sonnet Radio (e.g. other radio stations)
    We actively encourage feedback from listener club members. However. please appreciate that our presenters maybe busy. Please be patient when waiting for an answer.
    We strongly advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (telephone numbers, addresses, email addresses etc.).
    If you are under 16, you must have your parent or guardian’s permission before joining the listener club and / or entering the chat room.
    The views expressed in the Sonnet Radio chat room are those of members of the public. They are not necessarily those of Sonnet Radio.
    Any personal information you provide when asking for requests, mentions or dedications on air will be recorded during a show and will be kept as part of the audio recording indefinitely. Please do not reveal anything that you, or the person being mentioned do/does not want in the public domain.

If you breach these Terms and conditions and / or you fail to abide by them, you will be removed from the room, and either banned for 24 hours, or permanently.